Hello, dear friends of YouTube
with you, again,
the old wizard frayed gloves
A long time ago
I did not show them any curious toy
so today we'll see
one of my favorite toys
This is the "magic tablets"
also known as Chinese tablitas
or, also, "Jacob's Ladder"
It is a popular toy in Mexico and Japan
The game consists of 6 wooden slats
brightly painted and are connected by ribbons
allowing them an unusual mobility
producing a curious optical effect
when you release tablet up
seeming to descend from top to bottom
The name "Jacob's Ladder"
He alludes to the dream he had in which he saw Jacob
an outstretched ladder from heaven to earth
why angels rose and fell ceaselessly
With this toy you can build countless figures
As if it were a tangram
Let's see a few figures example:
A house.
A snake.
A chair.
A man.
Bye Bye!
Dog.
A camel
We can even do with tablets
a simple magic trick:
We put a coin on the second tablet
and cover with the top slat,
A magical passes, "abracadabra"
and the coin disappeared!